elementNode if statement
Attribute : AP_SPL
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameAP_SPL
Attribute SPL : AP_SPL
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Device
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameDevice
Attribute SPL : Device
elementNode if statement
Attribute : LED
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : White
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Blue
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Green
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Red
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : TemperatureSense
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : PatienceTime
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Login
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameLogin
Attribute SPL : Login
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Telnet
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : TelnetPassword
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : TelnetPort
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : TelnetUsername
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : WEBUI
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameWEBUI
Attribute SPL : WEBUI
elementNode if statement
Attribute : WEBUsername
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : WEBPassword
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : WEBCredential
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : WEBExpirationTime
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Reset
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameReset
Attribute SPL : Reset
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Upgrade
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : SimiltaneusUpgrade
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : LiveUpgrade
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : EnergySave
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : ChannelManagement
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameChannelManagement
Attribute SPL : ChannelManagement
elementNode if statement
Attribute : CAC
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameCAC
Attribute SPL : CAC
elementNode if statement
Attribute : RadarDetection
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : DFSReEntry
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : ZeroWaitDFS
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : clientPrioritization
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Parental
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Wireless
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameWireless
Attribute SPL : Wireless
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Radio
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameRadio
Attribute SPL : Radio
elementNode if statement
Attribute : GHz24
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : SecurityType
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Password
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : SSID
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : GHz5
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameGHz5
Attribute SPL : GHz5
elementNode if statement
Attribute : SecurityType5
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Password5
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : SSID5
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameSSID5
Attribute SPL : SSID5
elementNode if statement
Attribute : GuestNetwork
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : SSID_Guest
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Password_Guest
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : MacFiltering
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : WPS
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameWPS
Attribute SPL : WPS
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Network
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameNetwork
Attribute SPL : Network
elementNode if statement
Attribute : DHCP
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : NTP
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : ACS
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Datapath
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : LAN
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameLAN
Attribute SPL : LAN
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Steering
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : UnifiedSteering
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : SteeringOld
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Band_Steering
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : ClientSteering
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : IPTv
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : IGMP
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : QoS
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Multicast
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Apps
end SPLNode if
Attribute : selected
FeatureNameApps
Attribute SPL : Apps
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Vision
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : WPS_App
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : clientPrioritization_App
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : Parental_App
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected
elementNode if statement
Attribute : EnergySaver_App
end SPLNode if
Attribute : unselected